what's wrong with me kids are you going to
forgive my inactivity on the
main channel okay this week but
I'm pretty busy with game
over it takes me like 3 or 4 days collecting
all the [ __ ] from the person I'm
going to talk about who is the one who
has accumulated the most [ __ ] I have it
all compacted okay and well I've been
very busy I think I have a long
night of editing ahead of me today I have a live on
his brother's channel too but it wasn't going to be
live today but suddenly I
found out something and it seemed very
curious to me a lot of people are going to tell me that I'm an
idiot no that you already knew this but
with almost 4 years that I've been on youtube I did
n't know that you could see this in the
analytics and you can see that
youtube is watching your channel I mean you guys
knew if any of you who have a
channel but I didn't know it is no longer
charged and I was starting to look at it superficially
but saying no no no no I'm not here to
watch it and react to it live I mean
let's see who watches my channel
you guys who thinks that  go to my channel
dallas win de aurum play
dallas mieres sure gives the piu de pay
your to change the title dallas to the limit
and I read the same we get the surprise
I think that not many people know this
sir of no [ __ ] idea and look that I
know quite well how
youtube works and what the hell I know almost
all the ins and outs
okay okay the camera and the floor true
but
anyway let's get to it okay first of all
let's see it by date I mean first
the last
28 days are posted okay the last month in
quotes let's see who are the
last ones in the last month what
youtubers have visited my channel javi
oliveira javier canijo dallas without filter
dallas without filter is the youtube from the
account darla without filter that has
visited my channel the most
[ __ ] in total of 320 minutes has seen
my channel in the last 28 days I knew it
was the kids but anyway he has already
spent 320 minutes watching my videos
south live of it on blogs of you of
your blog in  dallas
this one is the also I say I want to give
the seriousness that of rooms can [ __ ]
dallas see it is quite easy john
acquaviva york acquaviva has been
watching 114 minutes this month that you do not
have to debate with dallas about the
abortion naut airplay it is logical to
speak from your account also vidal the
resistance that they are going to call me for
the resistance kids they are going to
call me they are going to interview me and I will be
able to break a cup I would return they took it to so I
knew and I am going to announce it so that
people buy it the resistance of
movistar I am pure
dr tops from my channel 22
glue balloon turbo flat turbo plan it is
evident that the corner of york gave a
hug jordi I love you too they
had always committed candy to
candy and I know who it is I know that it is a
subscriber who has a channel yes yes yes I know
who this kid is
like you and me and I am mud and I walk a
lot they are not dancing too much I am going to
put as if nothing is worth three line
trident of my videos I do not know who I do not know
who it is I do not have even  [ __ ] idea who
tetril is i'm worth this guy three
life from felipe to felipe
felipe 360 ​​ave
what do you tell me what do you tell me but if he's
the typical one who says he doesn't like the
salsa fripan totally freaking out
totally already felipe also sucked his 32
minutes the same it's only the video
from my area because look he's only
seen one video he's seen the whole thing it's the
same about what no no no no he doesn't
support me
a dick
the boss I also laugh my dick comes out
of the field of my videos the diva is
good the diva seemed like she
likes to get rich look I was expecting euros
play if I was expecting it because there will be a
play I get along I
get along well with him and I knew that he
saw some video in place and I was expecting it
manual to the portal it's not true no
[Applause]
orizaba is the boss look at it and also the
real date that he likes the salsa
'nexus one' this channel is from nexus no
really no to the left if he had
commented to me at some point
not
vegetable
who passes the gorgeous
look who's been watching my channel in
the last month you [ __ ] pig show your
face show your face
look who's seen
container
m
lorena I'm famous I'm leaving home
a certain Marcelo has it in Marseille he has the
name of soap Marseille soap who
knows that but the joke project on
mine
this is my account
wind and in reality it doesn't seem like much to me
wind and it seems like little to me that he's only
seen 10 minutes two tables others and I'm
well all
[Music]
live all powerful has seen more than
charisma you have to look at it look
at it
the word really surprises a lot
because I follow myself with twitter
water that twitter dj mario look look is
the real one
hello I'm german habit seven minutes of
my life
the ruby
the blond has come out
where
[Music]
and the real Lorena
from renting the limousine
[Music]
the blond baby the blond has seen seven
minutes of my life I'm freaking out
and to hide it this is little worth it
this is from having skipped over some
video or that it came out accidentally
already this the last whole white well if I did
a video about about I would see
junk culture win hater well in the
icons but now we've seen the
last 28 days let's see since
always and also there's so much power that it's
called chapel or uncle because they were
left two caught uncle is
hitting the chair very hard
I'm not liking that I'm not
liking it at all in the end the
stupid turbo plan is going to be right and you have to hit
chairs to get it in and naut the one
without filters look at aute from the
secondary account he sees me he will be a pig forward
look forward well I'm not surprised it's one
of the good things you're telling me that
luisito comunica has swallowed a [ __ ]
hour of my videos
and look now the one who doesn't know me look
an hour has swallowed in my life
we ​​can see the number of videos that
comunica seen 13 of my videos or look at it
with a solution because it's the one I
like the most it's my favorite youtuber if I uploaded
videos I also left twice he has seen
eight of my videos dr
ok he has seen four of my videos well I really want to
see ruth smith
vodafone you surely want to
interview me already dissipate look  disipe has
seen four of my videos look at nose
amarna miller
48 minutes with the tóbal gun and well it's
wrong and I already knew it no in fact you
threw me a video fasten the signs I
like this one I like this his sister has
seen six videos me over us now tercien
schnauzer okay you play you play german has
seen five of my videos as a fan boy
look at them dany the priest three videos
megabits core look
at reception blog 84 videos about era
felipe has seen one more and it's 32 minutes
Felipe will surely have been the one from
mine about insurance but I live in the country five
videos about me has seen I ask about the game
I would love to know what videos they are and what
Danny thinks although he admires Dan in three
videos he thanked about wind and
surely and well that has appeared
guys I
was curious it's curious I didn't know
this I didn't know this is until today they have seen it to me see
chivas today he says you
can't see that youtube is tevez that youtube
is your channel I had no idea about
this and [ __ ] for fun knowing that many
saw the videos what surprised me the most  To
some who are a little hypocritical because they
are always with hatred for the salsero I don't know
that I don't know how many people who tell me
that they have told me I don't know who Abilidad is I do
n't know him [ __ ] that he is a snitch well
they also appear on many channels
because well I don't care because
I don't hide I see everything
thank you very much for the company okay
see you tomorrow see you tomorrow it's
been a day and not seeing quite
strong
[Music]